README.md, before:

# Tokyo's finest coffee stands

Hello :coffee: lovers! If you want to add a coffee stand to this list, feel free to send me a pull request!

## Blue Bottle Coffee - Kiyosumi Shirakawa :star::star::star::star:
[Website](https://bluebottlecoffee.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1313/A131303/13177218/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/zKeruisbB8s) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/bluebottlejapan/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bluebottlecoffee) /
Twitter

They have six shops in Tokyo now, but it seems that only Kiyosumi Shirakawa shop has a roster. There might be a long queue on weekends, so be ready.

## NOZY COFFEE - Mishuku :star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.nozycoffee.jp/index2.php) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13114599/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/JupUDgDFRCB2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Once you get your coffee, buy some sandwiches at [the bakery in front of the cafe](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13030788/), bring it to [Setagaya Park](https://goo.gl/maps/WyzwsFZZ3a72) and enjoy them. Then for lunch or dinner, I strongly recommend [Sun Kee](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131705/13007076/) for Hong Kong foods or [Fungo](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13008406/) for humbergers.  Both are in this area.

It's a small place with few seats, so not suitable for work.

## BEAR POND ESPRESSO - Shimokitazawa :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.bear-pond.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131802/13093829/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/S2vL8mVMF7k) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Small, almost standing. I like [this interview article](http://www.newyorker.co.jp/magazine/lifestyle/coffee/3845/) (Sorry in Japanese!).

## PADDLERS COFFEE - Hatagaya :star::star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://paddlerscoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131807/13181016/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/DFb7Sw5EGEy) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/paddlers_coffee/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Paddlers-Coffee-132849676886888/) /
Twitter

I love its atmosphere. The owner lived in Portland and he's bilingual.

## Sarutahiko Coffee - Ebisu :star::star:
[Website](http://sarutahiko.co/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13127577/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Popular coffee shop in Tokyo. There are some shops in Tokyo, but Ebisu is the flagship.

## Fuglen Tokyo - Tomigaya :star::star::star::star::star: :rocket: :computer:
[Website](http://www.fuglen.com/japanese/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13141002/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/9WrLWJMunZC2) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/fuglentokyo/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Fuglen.Tokyo/) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/fuglentokyo)

This is getting super popular these days. Finding a seat is very difficult. But still you should go, this is my favorite place.

## Hatou :star::star::star: :computer:
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13001169/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/rn8adDKMB3o) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Classic Japanese style cafe. Smoking allowed for all seats, be careful.

## AMAMERIA ESPRESSO - Musashi Koyama :star::star::star: :rocket: :computer:
[Website](http://www.amameria.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131710/13114545/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/SGbFnpbNDco) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Small coffee shop, but not so crowded. There's [a very good pizza place](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131710/13165472/) close to the shop.

## ABOUT LIFE COFFEE BREWERS - Shibuya :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.about-life.coffee/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13169068/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/NqQxsEqo8iA2) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aboutlifecoffeebrewers/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aboutlifecoffee) /
Twitter

A very small coffee stand, only five seats. The director of this shop is from [Onibus Coffee](http://www.onibuscoffee.com/)

## Little Nap COFFEE STAND - Yoyogi Hachiman :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.littlenap.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13123533/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/ML6zHQwE6Mo) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LittleNapCOFFEESTAND) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LittleNap_CS)

Has only few seats. Get a coffee, then get a burger at [ARMS](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13019608/), then enjoy them at [Yoyogi Park](http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e3034_002.html)! All of them in the same area. Or you can come here after having a delicious Vietnamese lunch at [Yoyonamu](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13204833/).

## Rain On The Roof - Sangen-Jaya :star::star: :computer:
[Website](http://renovationplanning.co.jp/portfolio_page/rain-on-the-roof) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13037998/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/TLkrwdHfjpQ2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

It's a OK level cafe, but has nice couch and good for work.

## Kuora - Daimon :star::star:
[Website](https://www.kuoracoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1314/A131401/13178012/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/jDJwWue4zvv) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

The closest coffee stand from GitHub Japan office.

## Lowkeytone - Soshigaya Okura
[Website](http://lowkeytone.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131814/13061569/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/Za1B2g11cB32) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/%E3%83%AD%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%BC%E3%83%88%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E7%8F%88%E7%90%B2%E5%BA%97-143034489092023/) /
Twitter

A bit far from the center of Tokyo, but if you are staying around here, it's worth trying. They also sell some coffee tools.

## Mamehiko - Udagawa, Shibuya :star::star::star: :computer:
[Website](http://mamehico.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13043557/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/4FbcuZhGUi72) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cafemamehico/) /
Facebook /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/cafemamehico)

A bit expensive, but good quality for coffee and food. Its relaxed atmosphere is best for remote work. They have power and WiFi. There's another shop in [Shibuya Koen-Dori](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13155794/)

## Kiazma - Zoshigaya :star::star::star:
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1305/A130502/13098184/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/hmqEHb38Mmz) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/kiazuma/) /
Twitter

Renovated an old house into a coffee shop. Quiet and relaxed cafe.

## Apartment - Shinjuku Gyoen :star::star:
[Website](http://apartmentcoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130402/13188861/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/zvNt3ywpV9k) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aptmtc/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aptmtc/) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/apartmentcoffee)

Small shop. There's [a good Ramen shop](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130402/13026455/) nearby.

## Switch Coffee - Meguro
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://goo.gl/maps/FkqGdkaR55u

## Streamer - Harajuku
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13109635/

## Tajimaya - Shinjuku
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130401/13000747/

## Brazil - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13011590/

## Sabor - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13000609/

## Ladrio - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13006555/


## Obscura - Sangen-Jaya
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13088823/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## Obscura Laboratory - Sangen-Jaya
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13135145/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## COFFEE VALLEY - Ikebukuro
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1305/A130501/13175074/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

---

## THE ROASTERY - Harajuku
[Website](https://www.tysons.jp/roastery/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13161140/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/DPvKg9BBYz42) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Tysons, the famous restaurant chain in Tokyo runs this shop in cooperation with Nozy Coffee. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## LATTEST - Omotesando
[Website](http://www.lattest.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130602/13137443/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/19fwwmivqy72) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/lattest28/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LATTEST-OMOTESANDO-Espresso-Bar--216369221785735/) /
Twitter

Haven't been there, so no rating.

## Coffee Tram - Ebisu
[Website](http://small-axe.net/coffee/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13170379/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/kc4FSCf7Win) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bartramtokyo/) /
Twitter

One of the coolest bar in Tokyo, [Tram](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13004830/) becomes a coffee shop in the daytime. The master of this shop studied coffee at [Daibo Coffee](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130602/13001233/), which was very famous coffee shop but sadly closed in 2013. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## FARO COFFEE & CATERING - Hongo
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131004/13192447/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/dJHhNxaEdAz) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/faro.coffee.and.catering/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/farocoffee/) /
Twitter

It's coffee is from Obscura.
Must visit Fire House

## BE A GOOD NEIGHBOR COFFEE KIOSK - Sendagaya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130601/13116217/
http://beagoodneighbor.net/sendagaya

## Coffee Caraway - Yutenji
https://goo.gl/maps/VkPianGqXKv

## Kitayama - Iriya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131104/13016499/
Haven't been to

## DOWNSTAIRS - Nogizaka
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1307/A130701/13129689/

## Flannel Style Coffee
http://www.bunkamura.co.jp/cafe/index.html
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13038922/

## Bridge COFEE&ICECREAM - Asakusa
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131102/13141452/

## Tengoku - Asakusa
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131102/13025425/

## Nishiya - Shibuya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13160517/

## Little Nap COFFEE ROASTERS :rocket:
[Website](http://www.littlenap.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13208059/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/bXdvLxuXzvR2) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LittleNapCOFFEESTAND) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LittleNap_CS)

Little Nap COFFEE STAND opened a new shop with roaster, right next to [Levain](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13001841/), a famous bakery! Haven't been there, so no rating.

## ONIBUS COFFEE - Jiyugaoka
[Website](http://www.onibuscoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131711/13137814/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/5SR8gspFqrr) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/onibuscoffee/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/onibuscoffee/) /
Twitter

They opened another shop in Nakameguro. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## Ramble - Shinjuku
[Website](http://www.shinjuku-chuo.com/shop/lambre/lambre.htm) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130401/13000865/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/G8hovRzWfAw) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## Lion
[Website](http://lion.main.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13001723/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/SYo3xSzACFK2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Commit message:

Add test for mobile users

README.md, after:

# Tokyo's finest coffee stands

Hello :coffee: lovers! If you're on mobile, clicking link to SNS will launch your app! Feel free to open a pull request if you have a suggestion :smile:

## Blue Bottle Coffee - Kiyosumi Shirakawa :star::star::star::star:
[Website](https://bluebottlecoffee.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1313/A131303/13177218/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/zKeruisbB8s) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/bluebottlejapan/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bluebottlecoffee) /
Twitter

They have six shops in Tokyo now, but it seems that only Kiyosumi Shirakawa shop has a roster. There might be a long queue on weekends, so be ready.

## NOZY COFFEE - Mishuku :star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.nozycoffee.jp/index2.php) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13114599/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/JupUDgDFRCB2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Once you get your coffee, buy some sandwiches at [the bakery in front of the cafe](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13030788/), bring it to [Setagaya Park](https://goo.gl/maps/WyzwsFZZ3a72) and enjoy them. Then for lunch or dinner, I strongly recommend [Sun Kee](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131705/13007076/) for Hong Kong foods or [Fungo](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13008406/) for humbergers.  Both are in this area.

It's a small place with few seats, so not suitable for work.

## BEAR POND ESPRESSO - Shimokitazawa :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.bear-pond.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131802/13093829/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/S2vL8mVMF7k) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Small, almost standing. I like [this interview article](http://www.newyorker.co.jp/magazine/lifestyle/coffee/3845/) (Sorry in Japanese!).

## PADDLERS COFFEE - Hatagaya :star::star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://paddlerscoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131807/13181016/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/DFb7Sw5EGEy) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/paddlers_coffee/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Paddlers-Coffee-132849676886888/) /
Twitter

I love its atmosphere. The owner lived in Portland and he's bilingual.

## Sarutahiko Coffee - Ebisu :star::star:
[Website](http://sarutahiko.co/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13127577/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Popular coffee shop in Tokyo. There are some shops in Tokyo, but Ebisu is the flagship.

## Fuglen Tokyo - Tomigaya :star::star::star::star::star: :rocket: :computer:
[Website](http://www.fuglen.com/japanese/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13141002/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/9WrLWJMunZC2) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/fuglentokyo/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Fuglen.Tokyo/) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/fuglentokyo)

This is getting super popular these days. Finding a seat is very difficult. But still you should go, this is my favorite place.

## Hatou :star::star::star: :computer:
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13001169/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/rn8adDKMB3o) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Classic Japanese style cafe. Smoking allowed for all seats, be careful.

## AMAMERIA ESPRESSO - Musashi Koyama :star::star::star: :rocket: :computer:
[Website](http://www.amameria.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131710/13114545/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/SGbFnpbNDco) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Small coffee shop, but not so crowded. There's [a very good pizza place](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131710/13165472/) close to the shop.

## ABOUT LIFE COFFEE BREWERS - Shibuya :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.about-life.coffee/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13169068/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/NqQxsEqo8iA2) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aboutlifecoffeebrewers/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aboutlifecoffee) /
Twitter

A very small coffee stand, only five seats. The director of this shop is from [Onibus Coffee](http://www.onibuscoffee.com/)

## Little Nap COFFEE STAND - Yoyogi Hachiman :star::star::star::star:
[Website](http://www.littlenap.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13123533/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/ML6zHQwE6Mo) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LittleNapCOFFEESTAND) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LittleNap_CS)

Has only few seats. Get a coffee, then get a burger at [ARMS](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13019608/), then enjoy them at [Yoyogi Park](http://www.japan-guide.com/e/e3034_002.html)! All of them in the same area. Or you can come here after having a delicious Vietnamese lunch at [Yoyonamu](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13204833/).

## Rain On The Roof - Sangen-Jaya :star::star: :computer:
[Website](http://renovationplanning.co.jp/portfolio_page/rain-on-the-roof) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13037998/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/TLkrwdHfjpQ2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

It's a OK level cafe, but has nice couch and good for work.

## Kuora - Daimon :star::star:
[Website](https://www.kuoracoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1314/A131401/13178012/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/jDJwWue4zvv) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

The closest coffee stand from GitHub Japan office.

## Lowkeytone - Soshigaya Okura
[Website](http://lowkeytone.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131814/13061569/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/Za1B2g11cB32) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/%E3%83%AD%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%BC%E3%83%88%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E7%8F%88%E7%90%B2%E5%BA%97-143034489092023/) /
Twitter

A bit far from the center of Tokyo, but if you are staying around here, it's worth trying. They also sell some coffee tools.

## Mamehiko - Udagawa, Shibuya :star::star::star: :computer:
[Website](http://mamehico.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13043557/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/4FbcuZhGUi72) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/cafemamehico/) /
Facebook /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/cafemamehico)

A bit expensive, but good quality for coffee and food. Its relaxed atmosphere is best for remote work. They have power and WiFi. There's another shop in [Shibuya Koen-Dori](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13155794/)

## Kiazma - Zoshigaya :star::star::star:
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1305/A130502/13098184/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/hmqEHb38Mmz) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/kiazuma/) /
Twitter

Renovated an old house into a coffee shop. Quiet and relaxed cafe.

## Apartment - Shinjuku Gyoen :star::star:
[Website](http://apartmentcoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130402/13188861/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/zvNt3ywpV9k) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aptmtc/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/aptmtc/) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/apartmentcoffee)

Small shop. There's [a good Ramen shop](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130402/13026455/) nearby.

## Switch Coffee - Meguro
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://goo.gl/maps/FkqGdkaR55u

## Streamer - Harajuku
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13109635/

## Tajimaya - Shinjuku
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130401/13000747/

## Brazil - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13011590/

## Sabor - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13000609/

## Ladrio - Jimbocho
Website /
[Tabelog]() /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131003/13006555/


## Obscura - Sangen-Jaya
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13088823/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## Obscura Laboratory - Sangen-Jaya
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131706/13135145/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## COFFEE VALLEY - Ikebukuro
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1305/A130501/13175074/) /
Google Map /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

---

## THE ROASTERY - Harajuku
[Website](https://www.tysons.jp/roastery/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13161140/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/DPvKg9BBYz42) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

Tysons, the famous restaurant chain in Tokyo runs this shop in cooperation with Nozy Coffee. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## LATTEST - Omotesando
[Website](http://www.lattest.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130602/13137443/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/19fwwmivqy72) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/lattest28/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LATTEST-OMOTESANDO-Espresso-Bar--216369221785735/) /
Twitter

Haven't been there, so no rating.

## Coffee Tram - Ebisu
[Website](http://small-axe.net/coffee/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13170379/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/kc4FSCf7Win) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/bartramtokyo/) /
Twitter

One of the coolest bar in Tokyo, [Tram](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130302/13004830/) becomes a coffee shop in the daytime. The master of this shop studied coffee at [Daibo Coffee](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130602/13001233/), which was very famous coffee shop but sadly closed in 2013. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## FARO COFFEE & CATERING - Hongo
Website /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1310/A131004/13192447/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/dJHhNxaEdAz) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/faro.coffee.and.catering/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/farocoffee/) /
Twitter

It's coffee is from Obscura.
Must visit Fire House

## BE A GOOD NEIGHBOR COFFEE KIOSK - Sendagaya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1306/A130601/13116217/
http://beagoodneighbor.net/sendagaya

## Coffee Caraway - Yutenji
https://goo.gl/maps/VkPianGqXKv

## Kitayama - Iriya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131104/13016499/
Haven't been to

## DOWNSTAIRS - Nogizaka
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1307/A130701/13129689/

## Flannel Style Coffee
http://www.bunkamura.co.jp/cafe/index.html
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13038922/

## Bridge COFEE&ICECREAM - Asakusa
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131102/13141452/

## Tengoku - Asakusa
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1311/A131102/13025425/

## Nishiya - Shibuya
https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13160517/

## Little Nap COFFEE ROASTERS :rocket:
[Website](http://www.littlenap.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13208059/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/bXdvLxuXzvR2) /
Instagram /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/LittleNapCOFFEESTAND) /
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/LittleNap_CS)

Little Nap COFFEE STAND opened a new shop with roaster, right next to [Levain](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1318/A131810/13001841/), a famous bakery! Haven't been there, so no rating.

## ONIBUS COFFEE - Jiyugaoka
[Website](http://www.onibuscoffee.com/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1317/A131711/13137814/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/5SR8gspFqrr) /
[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/onibuscoffee/) /
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/onibuscoffee/) /
Twitter

They opened another shop in Nakameguro. Haven't been there, so no rating.

## Ramble - Shinjuku
[Website](http://www.shinjuku-chuo.com/shop/lambre/lambre.htm) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1304/A130401/13000865/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/G8hovRzWfAw) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter

## Lion
[Website](http://lion.main.jp/) /
[Tabelog](https://tabelog.com/tokyo/A1303/A130301/13001723/) /
[Google Map](https://goo.gl/maps/SYo3xSzACFK2) /
Instagram /
Facebook /
Twitter
